# Understanding Image Formats

Now that you have learnt about adding text and also adding links to your page, you might be interested in learning more about adding multimedia to your document.

HTML can also render images, but this depends on the type of browser that you use. Nonetheless, there are some common image formats that are rendered by all modern browsers.

The most commonly used image file formats are listed below:

* APNG (Animated Portable Network Graphics) — Good choice for lossless animation sequences (GIF is less performant, but more commonly used.)
* AVIF (AV1 Image File Format) — Good choice for both images and animated images due to high performance.
* GIF (Graphics Interchange Format) — Good choice for simple images and animations.
* JPEG (Joint Photographic Expert Group image) — Good choice for lossy compression of still images (currently the most popular).
* PNG (Portable Network Graphics) — Good choice for lossy compression of still images (slightly better quality than JPEG).
* SVG (Scalable Vector Graphics) — Vector image format. Use for images that must be drawn accurately at different sizes.
* WebP (Web Picture format) — Excellent choice for both images and animated images


It is highly recommended that you use formats like WebP and AVIF.

They are now broadly supported by all modern web browsers, and perform much better than PNG, JPEG, GIF for both static and animated images. 

SVG remains the recommended format for images that must be drawn accurately at different sizes. SVG are also the go-to choice when you want your images to be scaled without being pixelated.